# `A Deterministic Master Password Generator`

A deterministic password generator. Currently a password generated by password generatior would be prohibitively difficult for virtually any entity to attack.

---

## `Licence`

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT  
Copyright (c) 2023 [Joseph Anthony Debono](joe@jadebono.com)

---

## `Versions`

1. Debian-based linux distros
1. Win/amd64 architectures

---

## `To Compile`

N.B. assuming compilation on a Debian-based linux distro

1. On Linux:  
   go build pwdgen.go
1. On Windows:  
   env GOOS=windows GOARCH=amd64 go build -o pwdgenwin64.exe

---

## `To Run`

After you compile, run it from the CLI:

1. On linux:  
   ./pwdgen word number
1. On windows:  
   c:\>pwdgenwin64 word number

## `Purpose`

Good password praxis generally recommends a password of very high entropy for every one of your accounts. A password manager can generate as many highly entropic passwords of significant length as necessary.

However, passwords managers have a glaring vulnerability - they themselves require a master password. Unfortunately, most people generally use passwords that are easy to remember and to type, making them low entropy, and vulnerable to attack in a number of ways, thus vitiating the strength of the passwords protected by your password manager.

Solution: Generate a 128-character string made up of a random combination of capital letters, lowercase letters, numbers and symbols from a supplied word and number supplied a the terminal. The same combination of word and symbol will always generate exactly the same output, but the slightest deviation in either will produce a totally different output.

---

## `Using the Generator`

1. Input a string in the phrase field. This can be any phrase you like. This will be used as your password's seed, not the password itself, so you are free to use any character/word/phrase you can remember easily. It does not matter how simple the phrase is because it will still generate a 128-character string of capital letters, lowercase letters, symbols and numbers.

1. Number is simply any number you want to add to your word.

\*\*Example:

Linux:  
./pwdgen hello 123  
Windows:  
c:\>pwdgenwin64 hello 123

The generated password:  
V!ND#3mor~%m`fa$!Jk>p5NZ#le*7oNA4~!`K5FBJ~E_W@`tj-pbP8K5jY7<]o1>hZf4vKOy}v=N-C``+b"c.p,aAnkR59pop(oz\xU~<hB;>~"gS.2cNTtX[;iENR7C

---

## `Further Notes`

1. The code will output the generated password both in the terminal and in the clipboard for ease of copying.
1. You can input a float instead of an integer in the number field.

---
